Jiangnan Jiangnan
Sister Jiangnan
I've already handed in the ambulance
Volunteer you tell me
Who is my biological daughter?
Sister, someone tried to harm you before
I'm afraid they will harm your daughter again.
So I've been hiding it
Actually, your daughter is Lin Wenlin
It was real
Choose worthless
Yes, that's right.
Contract of Virtue
You tell me now what the hell is going on
sister
Do you remember 18 years ago?
Lin Wenli's Yang Wulin Plum Blossom
It was born on the same day as you.
When her baby was born
You get money
There is no money for medical treatment at home
Secretly swapped identities between scum and literature
He wants to use the hands of the Yan family to save his child
Where is Li Meihua now?
I'll ask his wife to ask him.
Why did you replace my child?
His child's life is his life
Isn't my child's life?
Ding Wenhua fell ill and died last year
Sister, have you forgotten?
When we first established Wenli
He's still paying off his foster mother's debt
I am poor
Now is not the time to cry
When are you going to recognize this biological daughter?
What about scum?
Turns out I'm the superfluous daughter
I don't know.
Gangnam is a good boy
But I have too much.
My son!
I must recognize it
Jiangnan and Wenli are both good children
Hope they both
Don't forget your original intention